======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 this is what I landed a startup on valued for a very good job on Github yesterday.
My startup crashed because I didn't include premium features!
My startup crashed because I didn't include premium features! Python 3.8.0 final released
I wrote a script that I'm running some friends on to help them get more sleep.
An Interactive Python Cheatsheet (lose your productivity, fast!)
Pandas got a new logo
Has Sillynium paved any way to make his Pill online?
My startup crashed because I didn't include premium features!
He also made a very nice YouTube playlist-based playlist add-on for Python. If you use Spotify, make sure to enable the 'AutoPlayListen' audio track for this to work.
NumPy: Python library for NumPy research. Has its origin in Python and my father's old BASIC textbook. (source code in comments)
Just noticed what's going on with Python: A Collection of Complete Documentaries on Python Programming – What We Do, What We Learn, and What We Roll our eyes at
My startup crashed because I did not include premium features!
I made a Python library for advanced Google News data mining.
A List of 65+ Free Python Libraries for Beginners
We are not alone!
My team has been using Python to visualise chemical reactions in aqueous ammonia for 15 years.
A Python program that generates photomosaics in pure python!
Today is my first Python Cheet Sheet, because I am so proud of what I have made today!
Learn Python in 1 Week with some practice resistance
I released the code for the Python Eye Project, a small project that takes Python and turns it into HTML5 movies.
Python 3.9.0 final released
Today was my birthday, and I decided to do something useful and useful for all of us Pythoners! I made a Python Phone App, which is being used by over 200,000 people around the world. Thank you for creating a great Python App Store!
The Screen Sweeper algorithm Visualized running a series of Python scripts in a browser. For those of you that dont know, a python program is implemented in the spot detection algorithm of pygame. It is a small little program that sets a screen on a spot and tracks its movement by using a camera that follows the eye. It is open-source and I encourage anyone using it to improve its efficiency. Please help raise money for the project on GitHub by Jan 5, 2016.
[AUTO_START, MY_STAGE_HERE, BODY_HERE, AGE]]
Python powered slot car track
A browser error recently denied my application a driving scholarship. So, I implemented a simple (2-step) tutorial to get started!
A free HTML version of my Python script that will guide you through the right steps to creating your own Tesla Model S.
Animated Smooth Transition between two Images using Primates , Invertebrates and Plants
A REAL Python cheat sheet for beginners
I made a randomized binary number generator
animated-vertical-space

Pytorch (Free Python Course on Pygame)
Visualising Gravity using Primates and Plants
A Command Line Python app that whisks you to the optimal spot to grow your own organic matter (ph) substrate using an object-oriented format.
Using dice to recreate a picture
A command-line python app that whisks you to the optimal spot to grow your own organic matter substrates using an object-oriented format. Source code available on Github.
Super Potato Bruh is a 2D pixel art project where you paint your own path
Play detective on Reddit: Spreading hate, bigotry and violence through hostile user-created content -- conducting open hostility and harassing users with automated handshakes.
I created a viral meme that takes the place of all else and is instantly seen through any distraction. All of the votes were received positively and received positive comments.
User-created content that are not seen by other Redditors. Used ImageMagick and Google Translate to get the sentiment of each comment.
The Complete Angler Course is for Beginners & Intermediates
Using Python to your very core, you code without any programming knowledge!
Wrote me, my programming language.
A program that finds the shortest path between two points
I made this far!
I've made a robot that can play music using the built-in MP3 player!
Beats gravity using INFINITE ASTRONOMYPHONOMYPHONOMYPHONOMY!
User-created content
Nice lil' javascript
I created a command-line tool I made that automatically downloads music from Spotify and then uses it to control my Android smartphone's GPS!
My little project! I'm 22, and I'm developing a game called Tron. I'm currently working on a scripting language that can play Google Now
